Joystick 16-bit support (#10439)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_joystick.md

}
```

### Axis Resolution

> For use-cases where a higher joystick-precision is desired, it is possible to increase axis precision to a maximum of 16-bit.  
> To use higher axis values, in this example 12-bit, i.e. from -2047 to 2047, add the following line to your config.h:
> 
> ``` 
> // Max 16
> #define JOYSTICK_AXES_RESOLUTION 12
> ```  
> 
> 
>  This setting works for virtual axes as well as analog axis reading using 
> `JOYSTICK_AXIS_IN(...)`, `JOYSTICK_AXIS_IN_OUT(...)` or `JOYSTICK_AXIS_IN_OUT_GROUND(...)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the resolution of each axis is 8 bit, giving a range of -127 to +127. If you need higher precision, you can increase it by defining eg. `JOYSTICK_AXES_RESOLUTION 12` in your `config.h`. The resolution must be between 8 and 16.

Note that the supported AVR MCUs have a 10-bit ADC, and 12-bit for most STM32 MCUs.

```
